project_name=${_xil_proj_name_}
rp-feedback_project_board_part=
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.activehdl_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/activehdl
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.funcsim=1
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.ies_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/ies
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.modelsim_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/modelsim
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.overwrite_libs=0
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.questa_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/questa
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.riviera_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/riviera
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.timesim=1
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.vcs_compiled_library_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/compile_simlib/vcs
rp-feedback_project_compxlib.xsim_compiled_library_dir=
rp-feedback_project_corecontainer.enable=1
rp-feedback_project_default_lib=xil_defaultlib
rp-feedback_project_enable_core_container=1
rp-feedback_project_enable_optional_runs_sta=0
rp-feedback_project_enable_vhdl_2008=1
rp-feedback_project_generate_ip_upgrade_log=1
rp-feedback_project_ip_cache_permissions=read write
rp-feedback_project_ip_interface_inference_priority=
rp-feedback_project_ip_output_repo=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.cache/ip
rp-feedback_project_is_readonly=0
rp-feedback_project_legacy_ip_repo_paths=
rp-feedback_project_mem.enable_memory_map_generation=1
rp-feedback_project_part=xc7z010clg400-1
rp-feedback_project_platform.default_output_type=undefined
rp-feedback_project_platform.design_intent.datacenter=undefined
rp-feedback_project_platform.design_intent.embedded=undefined
rp-feedback_project_platform.design_intent.external_host=undefined
rp-feedback_project_platform.design_intent.server_managed=undefined
rp-feedback_project_platform.rom.debug_type=0
rp-feedback_project_platform.rom.prom_type=0
rp-feedback_project_platform.slrconstraintmode=0
rp-feedback_project_preferred_sim_model=rtl
rp-feedback_project_project_type=Default
rp-feedback_project_pr_flow=0
rp-feedback_project_sim.central_dir=C:/Users/Ryan/projects/dispersive-feedback/fpga/rp-feedback/rp-feedback.ip_user_files
rp-feedback_project_sim.ip.auto_export_scripts=1
rp-feedback_project_sim.use_ip_compiled_libs=1
rp-feedback_project_simulator.activehdl_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.activehdl_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.ies_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.ies_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.modelsim_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.modelsim_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.questa_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.questa_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.riviera_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.riviera_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.vcs_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.vcs_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.xcelium_gcc_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator.xcelium_install_dir=
rp-feedback_project_simulator_language=Mixed
rp-feedback_project_source_mgmt_mode=All
rp-feedback_project_target_language=VHDL
rp-feedback_project_target_simulator=XSim
rp-feedback_project_tool_flow=Vivado
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.activehdl_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.ies_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.modelsim_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.questa_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.riviera_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.vcs_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.xcelium_export_sim=16
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.xsim_export_sim=75
rp-feedback_project_webtalk.xsim_launch_sim=327
rp-feedback_project_xpm_libraries=XPM_CDC XPM_MEMORY
rp-feedback_project_xsim.array_display_limit=1024
rp-feedback_project_xsim.radix=hex
rp-feedback_project_xsim.time_unit=ns
rp-feedback_project_xsim.trace_limit=65536
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_exclude_debug_logic=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_is_locked=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_pfm_name=
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_fileset_design_mode=RTL
sources_1_fileset_edif_extra_search_paths=
sources_1_fileset_elab_link_dcps=1
sources_1_fileset_elab_load_timing_constraints=1
sources_1_fileset_generic=
sources_1_fileset_include_dirs=
sources_1_fileset_lib_map_file=
sources_1_fileset_loop_count=1000
sources_1_fileset_name=sources_1
sources_1_fileset_top=system_wrapper
sources_1_fileset_verilog_define=TOOL_VIVADO
sources_1_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sources_1_fileset_verilog_version=verilog_2001
sources_1_fileset_vhdl_version=vhdl_2k
constrs_1_file_file_type=XDC
constrs_1_file_is_enabled=1
constrs_1_file_is_global_include=0
constrs_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
constrs_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
constrs_1_file_processing_order=NORMAL
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
constrs_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation
constrs_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
constrs_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
constrs_1_file_file_type=XDC
constrs_1_file_is_enabled=1
constrs_1_file_is_global_include=0
constrs_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
constrs_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
constrs_1_file_processing_order=NORMAL
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
constrs_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation
constrs_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
constrs_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
constrs_1_fileset_constrs_type=XDC
constrs_1_fileset_name=constrs_1
constrs_1_fileset_target_constrs_file=$PSRCDIR/
constrs_1_fileset_target_part=xc7z010clg400-1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sim_1_file_is_enabled=1
sim_1_file_is_global_include=0
sim_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sim_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sim_1_fileset_32bit=0
sim_1_fileset_force_compile_glbl=0
sim_1_fileset_generate_scripts_only=0
sim_1_fileset_generic=
sim_1_fileset_hbs.configure_design_for_hier_access=1
sim_1_fileset_include_dirs=
sim_1_fileset_incremental=0
sim_1_fileset_name=sim_1
sim_1_fileset_nl.cell=
sim_1_fileset_nl.incl_unisim_models=0
sim_1_fileset_nl.process_corner=slow
sim_1_fileset_nl.rename_top=
sim_1_fileset_nl.sdf_anno=1
sim_1_fileset_nl.write_all_overrides=0
sim_1_fileset_source_set=
sim_1_fileset_systemc_include_dirs=
sim_1_fileset_top=ComputeSignal_tb
sim_1_fileset_top_lib=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_fileset_transport_int_delay=0
sim_1_fileset_transport_path_delay=0
sim_1_fileset_unifast=0
sim_1_fileset_verilog_define=
sim_1_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sim_1_fileset_xelab.dll=0
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.tcl.pre=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xsc.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.more_option